The games story

There is going to be an guy/girl (which is the player) that gets flash backs everytime they go to sleep of this 
kid who looks troubled in what looks like the 1900's and watch him grow up. 
And the main character is confused with these memory's. 
Weird things started to happen around him and to him. 
Next thing the main character knows he is being sought out by the government which is known to be corrupt. 
He was informed by a mysterious caller and is told to go to this persons place 
(of course as the player you can ignore the call and or go to the mysterious callers place for him to explain things). 
But ether way you will still discover your powers.

If you go and ignore the caller the government will come and they will try to capture you, 
you can try to run or agree to go willingly. You can escape and will go to the mystery caller. 
If you are caught you will be told lies but you will find the truth about the government by the mysterious caller. 
The caller tells you ways of getting out and that he is actually in a group to overthrow the 
government also that you are different / more than human. You will escape.

If you go to the callers place you are attacked by the government that are trying to capture you 
and telling you that you are joining the wrong group of people, you can run and escape but can be caught. 
If  you escape you will find a group of people at the location not one and they are all there to overthrow the government.

The group will all introduce themselves. They train you and help you develop your powers because they 
have them too but not no where near to the degree you do from what they say and also have flash backs as well.

You are still getting those memory's from the other kid but they are becoming more frequent. 
You are learning from them and learning more and more about this kids life also that he looks opon someone else's life too.

The group asks you questions like do you remember and Do you know who you are?
of course you don't Know the right answer.

They let you leave but only under the strictest supervision. You can buy what you want and do what you want but 
have to stay close to the base if a attack occurs.

After a few days you quickly catch up to the other people like they said would happen.
You go to bed and you have one of the flash backs again but this one was diffrent you were not human or didn't feel 
human you had all this power surging through you but, 
it felt all natural to you like it was one of your limbs. He walk around for a while and suddently you are drawn back and 
start veiwing someone else. Their was this talk of royal blood... Then you are pushed to someone elses memories with someone 
else holding their hand up their hand and was talking about the royal blood and how your future self will probably will be seeing 
this and the previous life is usally the one to first to show up in the flash backs.

You wake suddently and its morning and you walk out and explain what you saw in your flash back. They all say that now you 
know who you are. That you are not just one person but millions that all went through the same thing and all have Power.
